soft 15 kilos for everything and today
we're really going to show you how to
test for ammonia with the sulfur test
kit and everything you need to know fast
is that the material also be used in
this test kit a very dangerous to
animals you can save a little kitten
here and they especially this the nh3 um
a little bottle thing this is very
dangerous it can cause eye irritation
some bad stuff with your skin and it's
irritating and console it says it
contains 2% of n8 o H and 1.6 0.1
percent of HD to see what I - and HG - I
- so you better watch out that is some
pretty harmful so stuff as long as I
know and we're gonna we're gonna put
this guy out of the way because those
he's going to get hot so let's do that
alright so on the instructions it says
that you should you know get some your
test syringe right here and get some
water from your taking you need to take
to will yourself even though I just used
a little turkey baster thingy because I
love these things so we're going to do
this we're going to put two millionaires
in here all right in here so we've got
two milliliters of tank water salt water
and then we need to waste one milliliter
syringe
right here you're going to use this one
to take out some any screen so let's do
that make sure you don't get this close
to your eyes nose mouth fingers this is
often by your stuff's gonna do there's
poisonous things in there that you don't
know about and by ten and a handful and
chemicals that are harmful so you're
gonna think about that
when also calls that can stain you
especially you know when you're gonna
read things so that's the one milliliter
syringe you need to add 0.5 milliliters
of this down soda but Bo and what
usually people do when they get this is
that the FD 5 milliliters meanwhile they
you know bite drop by drop shaking this
one but you don't need to do that let me
just put it in like this you're going to
get just a second repeating this one's
moving great as your words before so we
understand and accept me 0.5 million
years you don't want to be shaking it
like this you want to gently swirl
around like this because if you just do
it the other way you're going to get
more inaccurate readings which is not a
good thing but you just do this and you
want to do it for 30 seconds usually I
just shake it a little bit more than
that because it doesn't hurt just like
that and what you want to do now is that
you want to add the rest of these
milliliters into the bottle and then you
want to be shaking it for about 10 to 15
seconds so let's do the bring this down
there just like that again
excellent alright so now you've got to
wait a little bit but meanwhile you're
waiting and I want to talk to you guys
about some things that you need to
remember now when you are testing these
things here multiple times you need to
think about that your head
- you know you have to clean this this
test well before you use it again this
way you make sure that there's nothing
of this left throw in it because if you
just get a half millimeter of this extra
and warning that you don't need you're
going to get very inaccurate readings
certain guys you're gonna give on focus
on this so you know so I hadn't seen the
stuff here and the oxide on this test I
will of course be cleaning the glass so
it's ready for the next round you know
my chest bar so just wait about three
minutes or so but I found out that two
minutes is actually enough but you can
wait three minutes if you want to be
complained too short then you use this
one gives you good with it
you hold it like this and as long as I
can see it is in 0.25 and my pony has
always been like this but my nitrates
are pretty high so the cycle of
seventies bus and so yeah that is pretty
easy and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video see you guys love you